David was sick.
Absalom saw this as an opportunity to seize power.
Like his father, David, he had many gifts.
He was born into a wealthy and powerful family.
He turned heads wherever he went, and he relished the attention.
Men would come to the city gate, so the king would hear their legal case.
If I was appointed judge in the land,
every man with a legal case or judgment could come to me,
and I would see he receives justice.
You are from the royal house, my mother too has royal blood.
It seems I was born to lead, but God will do what's best for his people.
Absalom seemed to be interested in the people who came to David,
but he was only interested in himself.